Align Cilium and Calico docs with Multus' (#972)
rancher/rke2: docs/install/network_options.md

For more information about the full options of the Canal config please refer to the [rke2-charts](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main-source/packages/rke2-canal/charts/values.yaml).

# Using Cilium or Calico instead of Canal

> Starting with RKE2 v1.21, we can deploy Cilium or Calico as CNI plugin instead of Canal. To do so, pass `cilium` or `calico` as the value to the `--cni` flag. To override the default options, use a HelmChartConfig resource, as explained in the previous section for Canal options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with RKE2 v1.21, Cilium or Calico CNI Plugins can be deployed instead of Canal. To do so, pass `cilium` or `calico` as the value of the `--cni` flag. To override the default options, use a HelmChartConfig resource, as explained in the previous section. Note that the HelmChartConfig resource names must match the chart names for your selected CNI - `rke2-cilium`, `rke2-calico`, etc.
```

> For more information about the full options of the Cilium config, please refer to the [rke2-charts](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main-source/packages/rke2-cilium/charts/values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about values available for the Cilium chart, please refer to the [rke2-charts repository](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main-source/packages/rke2-cilium/charts/values.yaml).
```

> For more information about the full options of the Calico config, please refer to the [calico installation resource](https://docs.projectcalico.org/reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.Installation)

Reviewer: I think we should also point users to the rke2-charts values.yaml for Calico, since their documentation seems to expect that the users is configuring the system via the Installation CRD, and it is unclear even to me how to translate from helm chart values to Installation CRD fields.

Reviewer: Yeah I guess I'd just link directly to the patched values file on the main branch for both cilium and calico:
https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main/charts/rke2-calico/rke2-calico/v3.18.1-103/values.yaml

Author: good idea! I did not know the main branch shows values.yaml
